EGM tickets (#431)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/bot-builder/integrations/integrating-custom-code.md

If any syntax errors or exceptions are raised by the main function, this will result in a **Bot Break message**.

```python
import  json

def main(event, context):
    """
   event['body'] is a string dict with the following keys:
   node, event, user, entities.
   Currently, we pass user_id, user_name, full_name, device_platform and language_code in the user dictionary.
   Args:
       event (dict): Data corresponding to this event
       context
   Returns
       (dict): response with statusCode and the response for the User
   """
    body = json.loads(event['body'])
    entities = body.get('entities')
    user_data = body.get('user')
    conversation_details = body.get('conversation_details')
    final_response = {
        'status': True, 
        'entities':entities, 
        'user_full_name': user_data.get("full_name"),
        'user_device_platform': user_data.get("device_platform"),
        'conversation_details':conversation_details
    }
    response = {'statusCode': 200, 'body': json.dumps(final_response), 'headers': {'Content-Type': 'application/json'}}
    return response
```

### Using Entities on Code Editor

> The information which is collected from users on the Static Node, in the form of entity, can be used on Code Node. You can use the entities to send the dynamic values collected from uses on the IVA and send them to the API to fetch real-time data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information which is collected from users on the Static Node, in the form of entities, can be used on Code Node to fetch user related information. 

You can use the entities to send the dynamic values collected from users on the IVA to the API for fetching real-time data. 
```

The connection is automatic from Static Node to Code Node i.e. whenever user provides all the mandatory entity values, the following Code Node gets triggered.

> Inorder to use these entity values in the Code Node, we have to create a new variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use these entity values in the Code Node, we have to create new variables.
```

> Let's take an example of order id to understand how to use entity value on Code Node - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take an example of fetching order details. We have an entity called **order id**. We would use this to understand how to fetch information using entity value on Code Node - 
```

> You have a `regex` entity with the pattern `^[a-z]{3}\d{3}$`, this entity will accept values such as `abc123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order-id is a `regex` entity with the pattern `^[a-z]{3}\d{3}$`, this entity will accept values such as `abc123`.
```

There is a standard JSON format in which the values are stored within an entity. To understand this format, open the **Detailed Info** tab on the **logs** sections besides the entity value which was provided to the IVA. This is found on the Test Bot as shown below - 

![entity_on_logs](assets/entity-log.png)

> So the order_id is stored within the entities, under the entity name `order_id_demotrain`. The actual `value` is stored under `entity_value`. On Code Node, you can fetch the `value` in this format - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So the Order ID is stored under the entity name `order_id_demotrain`. The actual `value` is stored under `entity_value`. On Code Node, you can fetch the `value` in this format - 
```

            )
    except requests.exceptions.Timeout as errt:
        print("Timeout Error:", errt)
        error = "Timeout Error"
        response = generate_response(error)
        return response
    except Exception as err:
        print("Oops: Something Else", err)
        error = "Api Failure"
        response = generate_response(error)
        return response
   
    if response.status_code == 200:
        order_details = json.loads(response.text)
        order_details = order_details.get('results', {})
        return order_details
    else:
        print("API FAILED. STATUS CODE: ", response.status_code, response.text)
        error = "Api Failure"
        response = generate_response(error)
        return response
 ```

### Create HSLs in Code Editor
You can use HSL message(Chat Elements) to display different elements on the bot, such as carousels and buttons. To display HSLs using code node, we first have to copy the HSL from any static node, with the required elements such as a button. The procedure to copy an HSL is mentioned [here](https://docs.haptik.ai/bot-builder/basic/copypaste#how-to-copy-and-paste-the-hsls).

![Opening Code Editor](assets/api10.png)

> Change the True and False flags according to Python conventions as shown below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the **True** and **False** flags according to Python conventions as shown below
```

![Opening Code Editor](assets/api11.png)

> The variables can be used to show information to the user as well - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variables used in the code can also be used in these HSLs to show user specific information - 
```

![Opening Code Editor](assets/api12.png)

> Here, we have created a button HSL to display the message “Your email is <email>” and a button which redirects to Haptik’s website. When the code is executed on the IVA, it appears as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we have created a button HSL to display the message “Your email is **XXX**” and a button which redirects to Haptik’s website. When the code is executed on the IVA, it appears as follows,
```
